So, um, yeah, so part of the problem...
is that women are severely underrepresented in literature and books.
and yet they still write men as the main characters because of this subconscious bias.
Yeah ,was fed by the patriarchy
Patriarchy, yeah. Uh, female on top.
Haha.....Are you a mysoginist?
Haa....Haha
Hahahah
ehh
Haahaahaa..
A chaunivist ,chauvinist wait chovinist?
Oh, chauvinist is like the men who are really against women.
No, a mysogynist is like... No!
No no , a mysogynist is like...
is like when girls hate boys and think boys should be at the bottom.
Who we got (***)?
A zula? Who's zula?
Haahaa
Oh !! Um  UM
Uh....Uh...
What's the girl? Who?
who always has a bad day.
In the ,nevermind nevermind.(***)
Ickleish!
Oh, yeah personally tha- .Uhaa
Really name your (***)
He doesn't even what we're talking about
Oh yeah.. That's not (***) though
It was hit (***) with a man in it.
Huh
Bicycle? Spice Girls?
spy family ? spy school
(***) millionaire
yeah .Oh g-
Well,  Yeah, you seem like it.
Is the is the (***) gender?
Oh Oh , what's -
The warrior cats here.Hehehe
Wait. Oh my god! I- I love the blusacks!
I shipped Broussard and Opart.
That whole bagde, I was really happy, I was really scared because you were not there.
Huh... Dude, I read almost all of them dude.
oh my god i love you Erica
Hahah
Think I think you like dogs. Oh you have a dog
He sees a dog
Yeah, I'm with you.I mean alo-
You need to earn their trust, Steve. Get them food.
It's a slow process.
Oh yeah, perks. perks. Cat perks . Meeoww!
Yeah, there was those dog perks and like polar bear perks
You did- me too me too.
You know, apparently Aaron Hunter, the author of Warrior Cats, like it's multiple people.
Oh, I mean yeah, I do that too
Yeah. I thought  you didn't know that one.
Haahaa
Really? Wait, really? Wait, What, what elementary school?
Oh, that's the popular one.
Haaaa